The current alpha version of the battle simulator includes a random encounter with
set monsters. The monster encountered will have stats specific to that monster. Currently
the only options are a basic attack, healing and running. All of these options have a 100%
chance to succeed. There are death and victory prompts.

	We decided not to use elements as it would be, too time consuming and overall
Not worth the effort.
We are going to incorporate a mana guage in to the battle system that will partially 
recharge on a turn based system.

A hit and miss ratio and a crit strike system that works on a D20 dice roll.

We are going to look in to various methods of stating characters and mobs. 

Spells to be incorporated currently are:
Active -
	<Earth Spell>
Passive -
	passive shield (when health drops below 50% you only take 75% physical 
	damage attacks)
attack 1: Stab
Attack: Cleave
We will create a second attack that relies on your first roll on a D20 against the enemies 
Defence S
tat; this is to determine whether your attack misses, hits with recoil damage, 
hits normally or critical hits. The next roll is to determine it's power (eg Strength + Dice 
Roll*3).

The current base stats of the player used in battle are HP, Strength
and Defence. If we incorporated level ups, we could introduce Stamina - STA (which 
relates to HP and Defence), Strength - STR (which relates to HP and Strength) and
Dexterity - DEX (which relates to accuracy and crit chance). These stats are likely to be
much lower than the ones used in battle, but increasing them will boost your battle
effectiveness. For example 1 STA point could increase your HP by 10 and your Defence
by 4. Will Power (mana) is a special stat where you can hit milestones on top if it increasing your 
mana when you hit certain stats in will you will unlock a new magic atk/def move.

Using the items guide is a minor action: It will bring up a series of items in a different 
type, these will probably be seperated as major and minor items for example 
Major, attacking is a major action this is the conclusive part of your turn similarly 
if you were to use a potion/mana potion this would be the conclusive part of your turn.
A minor action would consist of using a consumable that does not end your turn for 
example.

The main reason for levelling up is to increase your stats mentioned above via stat points
which are distributed upon level-up.
Level ups will:
1. Increase your battle stats by a set amount per level - HP, Battle Strength, Battle
 Defence, Battle Willpower etc.
2. Give you a certain amount of stat points to put towards your base stats - STR, STA, 
DEX< WILL.
Possibly allow you to equip higher quality armour which could be based on level, base
stats or both.

root stats that increase by level by x = level boost + attribute(s) = current stats

battleHealth = baseSta x 30 + total Health gained by level